like if they really wanna be like let's
say any ring the words if they change a
Shizuoka ping to like seven okay well
we're done with the first day of rift
rivals I'm joined right now by honey
with coverage presented by Omni slash
talk a little bit about how the day wins
so honey what do you think of your first
day at rift rivals um I mean I all say
these were pretty fun but you know he's
not happy at all because you know we
could have won I feel like we really
easily go in static and it was like my
first time pressing flatty when I seen
what when I left so I really wanted to
win badly but you know happens but also
we got to learn like a lot of stuff and
we realized I got Lawtons that we could
have done better so for sure tomorrow
we're gonna win so make sure and it's
gonna be greater than Europe for two
knots or for tomorrow good good
you know I've seen a situation where it
feels like when you guys play funnel it
doesn't go so well yeah I mean our
record is like one three and when you're
actually playing at standards like five
oh yeah but I think so far like pre DOP
as long as you play well but I feel like
we just don't play really well so it
feels like that's why we were kind of
losing a lot so next time we'll be very
they should funnel you more I mean
that's pretty of you yeah have you
brought that up with an arrow yet have
you asked said like hey actually I
should be yeah I mean I mean there's no
good top laner as much as me so like I
can't go there
I'd like to go just bought everywhere
did you see that Mark and SCARA did a
drunk rating of players sorry so
skaara you know skaara yeah and Mark Z
they both were they rated all the
players in EU LCS and na LCS while drunk
who do you think was number one player
yeah
is it caution yeah who do you think they
rated number one cuz they have a list of
every player once you're like Tabata
no more why are you asking number one
who do you think who do you think they
rated number one me yes they did yes
yeah because I can you know out of it
what who do you think they rated number
two number two number two number two I
feel like you should be doublelift Yeah
right yeah you got all right good job
are you are you honored to receive their
number one ranking skaara and Mark Z's
number one ranking yeah I mean they know
how to play League of Legends I guess
well good I'm glad
I'm glad to know that you have such
confidence on them and their rating
system what do you think of rift rivals
and having the EU teams come over here
do you feel like because you guys are
able to scrim them as well right yeah I
mean it feels pretty good because we a
lot lasted learning it while like
peoples like other teams are that kind
of take and break so I feel like could
be good for us to like change our mood
because like I don't feel like versus
like as as strong as like comparing when
we were all the offsprings play it which
is like unstoppable kind of so when I
was like very actually getting confident
a lot and you know we put up more stage
and we got through a lot like meta stuff
so I feel like it's pretty good I like
it what who do you think is gonna win
you mean na you
I mean na is greater than a year but it
says here on this big screen that's true
because we won the all random earths
thing it went up on the screen but they
were better than EU what I made I mean
I'm just too good at it yeah well look
it's kind of scary cuz g2 and fnatic
look pretty good right I don't think so
no I think I feel like they're gonna
lose against the kid tomorrow we will
see though I feel like you're gonna lose
who do you play tomorrow playing g2 how
do you feel like that's gonna go
I feel like coupiet off but I feel like
also it's gonna be pretty easy
let's see though yeah very good is it
fun for you to see I do you know any of
the you guys that came over here do you
talk to any of the guys when they visit
yeah actually I had I went out with like
Perks a Wadud like reckless like yonkers
like I had a Korean food over there with
them so I was like
working a lot with my house going on
drip life isn't it like pretty bad I
didn't like that much like when I wasn't
barreling cuz like food off like la food
is like way greater and then they're
like so surprising that like they like I
just like one just like Korean kind of
like just restaurant they said like oh
this is amazing you know so like I was
like really proud of it
yeah perks was saying he he said
soloqueue here is too bad he'll never
move here but he likes all the food and
all the weather and he wishes he could
live here if so Loki was better yeah I
mean that's the one thing that writers
should really change like if they really
wanna be like let's say any wing the
words if they change actually soul to
pink to like seven okay pink seven makes
us when a we know verse confirm that
what he says okay good to know
I'm glad that's what what you say all
right other than that anything you want
to stay tuning of the fans out there an
arrow by the way he said I said don't
you think cuz you guys aren't doing very
well with the funnel comps I said don't
you think they should just funnel you
instead he said that's kind of obvious
no no of course not no no he gets to
play tank 2d a little bit you know I
mean have you ever seen this guy on the
tank before today
he doesn't really like tanks yeah I know
trust me I know I get I get to hear this
every day so wait wouldn't it be better
if wouldn't it be better honey if you
weren't on tanks and you were getting
funneled instead dude I blan warranted a
bra yeah my tanks are best it takes her
best America yeah definitely I mean
that's his one Orrin game this month
he's definitely gonna tell me like I've
played Oren before he's not gonna play
it anymore for sure I know well thank
you for the information appreciate all
right anything you want to say to any of
the fans out there yeah I mean or and
for tomorrow no just kidding I mean yeah
I mean I hear that the impacts that I'm
gonna crush every like top laner in your
purse it's like Europe troubling area
but it feels kind of bad because like I
haven't feels like actually crush them
so tomorrow
and today's later it's gonna be like
crush them okay I'm looking forward to
it thank you so much truly for the
interview for what else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here at my youtube
channel this is annoyed she's the woman
that
all the emotes from my twitch channel
and she says she only does it for people
who are actually very popular so if you
don't sub to my channel and watch my
videos she said that she's dead